handcar
    by Avdi Grimm
    FIXME (url)

== DESCRIPTION:

A step up from debugging your Rails apps with with 'puts' and 'raise'.

Handcar emits specially formatted trace lines into your Rails log files, along
with backtrace information.  The 'handcar' executable scrapes your log files for
these trace lines, so you can see whether, and when, they are being hit.  It can
do this in real-time, a la "tail -f".

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIXME (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

Anywhere in your rails app:

  hc_trace(foo)

On the command line:
  
  $ handcar
  Processing SomeController#some_action (for 127.0.0.1 at 02/25/2009 15:12) [GET]
  _/_ 123 _\_ ** foo
  Completed in 0.95968 (1 reqs/sec) | Rendering: 0.35874 (37%) | DB: 0.27625 (28%) | 200 OK [http://localhost/some_controller/some_action]

  $ handcar -n 123 -t
  _/_ 123 _\_ ** foo
  _/_ 123 _\_ >> file1.rb:123
  _/_ 123 _\_ >> file2.rb:456
  _/_ 123 _\_ >> file3.rb:789

== FUTURE:

* I'd love to add a tiny little web server that would serve up a nicely
  formatted real-time view of traces, with the ability to drill-down and get
  backtrace info.
* A "tag" argument for hc_trace() that would enable better filtering

== REQUIREMENTS:

* The "main" gem
* A reasonably complete *NIX userspace with programs like "grep" and "tail" available.

== INSTALL:

* FIXME (sudo gem install, anything else)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Avdi Grimm

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
